hello to you all to give and today we
Consider a mod that will add us
pedestals for swords as I remember
there is such a mod that adds come
tables for armor
but it has not been for the pedestals and swords
see how it is crafting now
will be shown in the corner of the screen and so here
so it looks and you can put it
any sword which is basically logical
give attention now to go to
its functions need to press shift and then
right mouse button here he has on
several functions the first is possible
change its appearance
Here we take the second skill from me
such triforce appears further
that we can still change, we can
to establish
a ray that will rise into the sky as
at the beacon and we can customize the color of this
the beam and the color density of this beam
like that yellow red
everything is clear of this type turn off further
turning now we are not
turn the guy here we turn and
our sword soars further we turn on
ness and he spins counterclockwise
arrows we press over here and he
spinning clockwise is also possible
adjust rotation speed
let him come back
fast slowly if we turn this off
function then we will be able to turn the month
independently what
any angle like but she and
any depression
Further Redstone tab is not yet available and
there are still any effects
here's how he is here too
would be spinning but in principle it's all
you can put on any sword in this
The very Candy became here itself turns
pedestal but in principle all
all while swami was given if you
liked this review then you can
subscribe to my channel like
under the video leave your comments to everyone
until